## Change Log v0.1.2.7

- Products now have a release date and a description.

- Products now includes tools and gadgets for implants.

- Add a startup feature option. In each feature a pin toggles allows the user to set it as the startup feature. It will open up immediately when launching the app.

- Added multiple brands and products, including Midwest Gadgets, Chipster, Lodestone and Cyberise.me.

- The Products feature now has type, tag and brand filters and visual loading indication.

- Completely new Haptic Analytics feature, including 5 haptic tests.

- Brand new, simplified haptic test protocols.

- Cleaner more understandable graphics for your haptic analytics and finer control over your results.

- The ZINC Shop now features themes that can be applied in exchange for points. Allowing for free themes, more gamification, user retention and finally a use for points.

- Now using SQLite databases for ZINC and User data. Simpler, faster, more expandable.

- Added compatibility classes to retrieve old .json user data and convert it to the new database system. Only upgrades, custom products and NDEF records are converted. All deprecated files are moved to "/Discarded" and can be deleted by the user.

- Added a popup with information about converted older user data save files.

- Unified UI both on the back-end and front-end. Notably the My Upgrades, Products and Haptic Analytics now follow the standard feature layout.

- Replaced edge fading on scroll pages with sharp edges. Eliminates rendering overhead that wasn't worth it, cleaner implementation.

- Fix misplaced location on the implant locator model.

- Removed Feed feature, to be replaced with the Community feature.

- Removed NFC and NDEF scan result saving, may come come back with a cleaner implementation if needed by the community.

- Removed Terminal feature. Further development deemed not a priority after the release of RawNFC by Dangerous Things.

- Upgrade all app icons for more sharpness.

- Fix frequency modulation options in Haptic Lab.

- Add small explanation texts throughout the app for clarification.

- Options to export .CSV haptic test result reports and a tool to import and compare multiple ones.

- Pre-generated haptic test entries are automatically suggested to the user so they can uniformly fill their analytics with no effort.

- Improve Upgrade and Product creation page and details page.

- Improve product selection page similarly to the Products feature.

-// Android "auto backup" disabled. No app data will be retained by your android device when uninstalling the app. Clean installs shall be clean.

- Add Change Log and CTA button to Home screen
